[CI:DOCS] Remove 'you' from man pages (#16751)
containers/podman: docs/source/markdown/options/restart.md

- `always`                   : Restart containers when they exit, regardless of status, retrying indefinitely
- `unless-stopped`           : Identical to **always**

Podman provides a systemd unit file podman-restart.service which restarts containers after a system reboot.

> Create a **systemd.unit**(5) file, to manage the lifecycle of a container as a system service. To generate systemd unit files, please see **podman generate systemd**.

Reviewer: Perhaps?
```suggestion
If this functionality is required in the local environment,  invoke Podman from a **systemd.unit**(5) file, or create an init script for whichever init system is in use.
```

Author: Rewritten please check it out.

- `always`                   : Restart containers when they exit, regardless of status, retrying indefinitely
- `unless-stopped`           : Identical to **always**

> Podman provides a systemd unit file podman-restart.service which restarts containers after a system reboot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Podman provides a systemd unit file, podman-restart.service, which restarts containers after a system reboot.
```
